low-glycemic - teen snack god Armidale
are dumb to make hombre we leave 3/4 cup
of chana dal if we have to soak this to
two to three hours before you make the
snack
this is that ship so check it out and we
need 3 green chillies 1 tablespoon of
chopped cilantro or coriander leaves 10
carries 3/4 teaspoon salt 1/2 inch
ginger and a pinch of ink and 1 and 1/4
cup of oil to fry now i take a mixer
will put the drain channel all i have to
bring the water
you could you to the mixer
all the ingredients chillies coriander
pinch of eat curry leaves 3/4 teaspoon
shark and half an inch of ginger cover
this and let us find course Grundy
binding it to my we have the course
climbing I think this is enough
and you should be the consistency can
make around five six bodies from this
mission you can you increase it if you
want to do more double amount just to
make sure everything is mixed properly
mixing it again like this now I am done
with mixing I am going to keep the oil
to heat up for Friday you know in the
kadai I am putting this oil and keep the
eight-hour medium to make sure the oil
is ready we are just putting a little of
this dough and dis check it it has to
come up like this if the oil is ready it
will start coming up from the bottom so
now the oil is ready we are making
Falls like this and press it
I think we can make around six to eight
of this holidays
it's been three minutes and I will click
the ombre taste now when you're trying
always keep the heat to medium otherwise
that outside will become golden brown
very quick and inside it cannot be done
properly now it has been another four
minutes
the holidays are golden brown color on
both sides and it is ready to take off
we transfer this into on a paper towel
so that extraor Andy soaked up and now
it's done this savory snack is ready now
you can eat plain or with ketchup or a
chutney I hope you enjoy